vboxmanage: add page (#3072)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/vboxmanage.md

# VBoxManage

> > VBoxManage is the command-line interface to VirtualBox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Command-line interface to VirtualBox.
```
No need to repeat the name of the command.

> > With it, you can completely control VirtualBox from the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Completely control VirtualBox from CLI, including all actions that the GUI provides and more.
```
Let's keep it impersonal, and also add some detail.

> > Completely control VirtualBox from CLI, including all actions that the GUI provides and more.

Reviewer 2: Not sure about this. Maybe we could reword it?

```suggestion
> Includes all the functionality of the GUI and more.
```

Reviewer: Sure, less verbose and still clear.

Author: Looks good :+1:

> > Homepage: <https://www.virtualbox.org>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://www.virtualbox.org/manual/ch08.html#vboxmanage-intro>.
```
I'd say this is a better link (providing full and detailed information on the command). Also, let's use `More information` instead of `Homepage` as this is what pages should use.

> - List all Virtualbox virtual machines:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List all VirtualBox virtual machines:
```
Typo.

`VBoxManage list vms`

- Show information about a particular virtual machine:

`VBoxManage showvminfo {{name|uuid}}`

- Start a virtual machine:

`VBoxManage startvm {{name|uuid}}`

- Start a virtual machine in headless mode:

`VBoxManage startvm {{name|uuid}} -type headless`

- Shutdown the virtual machine and save its current state:

`VBoxManage controlvm {{name|uuid}} savestate`

> - Shutdown down the virtual machine without saving state:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Shutdown down the virtual machine without saving its state:
```
Wording.
